[Async Messages]Add feature documentation (#2642)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: docusaurus/docs/iOS/client/audio-support/audio-recording.md

---
title: Audio Recording
---

> The Stream Client ships with tools that enable you to record audio files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StreamChat` framework ships with tools that enable you to record audio files.
```
